# PSUEDO CODE
For the first steps of this assignment I started in my notebook instead of in Visual Studio code to be able to visualize what I wanted before digging deep into the code itself. I knew I wanted to have pictures on the homepage to give the viewer a general idea of me, so i drew a rough picture collage idea and after that i filled in the empty space with the tabs and top header ideas I wanted. After that I wrote down different section ideas for the website and what each seperate page would contain to compartmentalize each idea into its own group. once I had these basic ideas down I decided to open up the laptop and begin trying to build my website.
## INITIAL STEPS
at the beginning of this epic endeavor, I first started by referring to my old website we did in class to review the basic concepts of the webpage itself like the routing of the different folders and assets, the css files, and to see what all the different files were named to start from some sort of template. I decided to make a new repository for my final project which I am now realizing may have not been the best idea, but i did that in order to have a fresh webpage to start with. After this, i went to chatgpt for about a second before I quickly transitioned into using blackbox.ai because it is a code specific AI website and I am just not fully comfortable with the website development with the help of chatgpt. 
### GETTING OVER THE FIRST HUMP
Once i started using blackbo.ai to assist my website code, I quickly ran into small strides, but with some issues that were mostly visual formatting issues rather than code issues. I began with the initial html file as my home page. I implemented a header for my name at the top, and immediately imported the pictures I wanted for the first page. Doing this became very clustered but all the pictures and text was there. In order to get the pictures to sit with each other how I wanted them to, i used my first css file to adjust the size of the photos as well as the position on the website. After struggling to get them to move into the right spots for way longer than it should have, I settled on a layout that was satisfactory enough for me to move on. For this, as well as many other steps, after I got to a certain point I moved onto something else in order to be most productive and try to figure out my problems by implementing more code and better understand how everythig was operating together.
#### EXPANDING
After I had somewhat of a home page ready for my website, I began adding the different links on the homepage for the other website tabs I wanted to have. I knew I wanted at least four, so I started with that and Labelled them with their appropriate names to then fill in the content after. I set up each one and also linked a css file to each one so that I had more individual control of each page, and was able to make each one look the way I wanted it to for their independent ideas. Still using blackbox, I was able to format the the text and headings for each page after many different trial and error periods of trying to figure out exactly what was best for the way my project was getting built up. One thing I noticed at this point is that I was asking blackbox a lot of different questions to gather data and put specific pieces together in a way that worked out for my project. A lot of its responses would include code I asked about that in turn was useless for me and so I eventually had to start a whole new conversation to streamline the results again and continue to efficiently work through the project.
##### ASSETS
Once I had all of the pages and their respective "templates"(just the color and formatting ideas) I started importing everything asset wise I wanted to have in the website. I added a lot of the demo's I have been working on this semester as well as a few videos of work I have done this semester, and even some of the album cover ideas I have for some of my projects right now. Once I got them in i finally realized I did a lot of work without commiting the whole github to the main branch, so I finally took a break and did that. Once that was situated, i began putting in my different ideas into blackbox.ai to see how different types of assets would be labeled and recalled, as well as how to formant them through the css files because I wasnt 100% sure of all of the specifics of the code in terms of the lexicon I needed to get it to do certain things. This process also took a good amount of time because it was giving me many different approaches, and some werecomplicating things more than helping. I sifted through this code and honestly did a lot of guess and check just by running it through visual studio code to the browser just to see what my changes did and if they were correct/effective. Sifting through all this took me a good amount of time but eventually I had all of the assets on all of the pages, and now it was time to go back through everything and make it look pretty.
###### FORMATTING AND ITS PROBLEMS(for me)
When trying to move all of the assets where I wanted them, I found the most trouble in this process. I wasnt familiar enough with the many different commands and the specifics of how they responded in my website to make positive corrections that were very beneficial without making many errors first. I evetually got most of the things where I wanted, but page 3 was still causing issues for me. Whenever I was aligning the text and pictures I was unable to get both to be 100% where I wanted and the more I went the worse it got, so after a certain point I had to revert the changes and stick with where I left it for the time being. One of my videos also became a little to big towards the very end and I honestly just ran out of time to fix it before I got to class today. Some of the formatting errors I feel couldve been fixed with more time, but Im still proud of my work and happy to have a completed website.

###### # website link: 
https://prodrywhit.github.io/prodrywhitfinal.github.io/

###### ## MY BLACKBOX.ai CHATS
https://www.blackbox.ai/share/4b8155bf-d83f-4e88-bccd-488e0a1f5e6b 
https://www.blackbox.ai/share/f0895a90-6579-4055-b16a-8657bf95a60e 

